Developers are using Flutter to build
cross-platform applications to quickly
reach users on any device,
but when it comes to building the back
end, their time is spent switching between
different programing
languages and toolchains.
Introducing Celest. Celest is a service
that turns every Flutter developer
into a full-stack developer.
To start using Celest in your Flutter
project, just run `celest start`,
add your project name, and voila!
Your Celest backend is
created and ready to go.
In the Celest folder,
you create the APIs your app needs as
top level Dart functions,
and when you hit save,
the Celest CLI detects the change
and hot reloads your backend.
In your Flutter app, you use the generated
client from Celest to connect to your
backend, and when you are confident
with your changes, just run `celest deploy`,
and your backend is
deployed and managed for you.
With Celest, no more context switching.
You write every part of your Flutter
app in Dart, right in your IDE.
Learn more about Celest
by visiting our website celest.dev